Bulk Download (#11)
nasa/LPDAAC-Data-Resources: guides/bulk_download_using_curl.md

      ```
      echo login Insert_Your_Username >> ~/.netrc | echo password Insert_Your_Password >> ~/.netrc
      ```

- ### Programmatically:
  - Run [Authentication for NASA Earthdata notebook](https://github.com/nasa/LPDAAC-Data-Resources/blob/main/python/how-tos/Earthdata_Authentication__Create_netrc_file.ipynb) to create _.netrc_ file. 
  - Alternatively, you can run the [EarthdataLoginSetup script](https://github.com/nasa/LPDAAC-Data-Resources/blob/main/python/scripts/EarthdataLoginSetup.py) in an interpreter or in the command line.
---

## Step 3: Download LP DAAC Data
You should now be able to run the command to download data directly from the LP DAAC. 
- Navigate to the directory you want to save the data using `cd Insert_Your_Directory`.
- To download a single file, replace the download link and enter the line below in the command line.
  ```
  curl -O -b ~/.urs_cookies -c ~/.urs_cookies -L -n Insert_the_Download_link
  ``` 
  Example:
  ```tet
  curl -O -b ~/.urs_cookies -c ~/.urs_cookies -L -n https://data.lpdaac.earthdatacloud.nasa.gov/lp-prod-protected/HLSS30.020/HLS.S30.T12SWF.2023189T175919.v2.0/HLS.S30.T12SWF.2023189T175919.v2.0.B08.tif 
  ``` 

> - To download multiple files, use the full path of text file saved previously in step 1 below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To download multiple files, replace `Insert_Text_File` in the command below with the full path to the text file saved previously in Step 1. 
```

  ```

>   xargs -n 1 curl -O -b ~/.urs_cookies -c ~/.urs_cookies -L -n < Insert_the_Full_Path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  xargs -n 1 curl -O -b ~/.urs_cookies -c ~/.urs_cookies -L -n < Insert_Text_File
```
